>> Brian Holt: Right now we're just
kind of being willy-nilly with our copy
statement here.
Typically, you'll want to be a little
bit more organized with this.
You'll put it in your home directory,
or your www directory, or
something like that.
We're gonna put ours in home.
Node is the name of the user by default,
you can put it in code,
index.js, something like that.
And then you'll have to make sure
that this matches the same thing,
and we'll just do build, I'm just gonna
call it three again cuz I'm too lazy,
and then if I do that again,
everything still works.
But now it's actually in a better place,
which is good.
Okay, something else that we wanna do is,
>> Brian Holt: It's
not good to use the default user
inside your containers, cuz we're
trying to exercise caution and be
the most secure that we possibly can be.
So you don't wanna give them access to
the root user or anything like that,
there's just a bunch of reasons.
Let's say that there's a Python
vulnerability that they can get access to
whatever user is running
your Python process.
If you're the root user, they now have
root access to whatever box you're on.
So you wanna be a bit smarter about that.
So we're just gonna say user node.
Node is the name of a user that is
pre-created on all node containers.
That's not necessarily a docker thing,
that's a node container specific thing.
So this now means that
when I run this copy,
the owner of this, in Linux terms,
is the the node user,
which is just a bit more secure
than running it as root.
I actually think this is done by default,
so I think this is actually redundant.
But it's always good for you to just
denote this is the user that's going
to be in charge of this particular file.
>> Speaker 2: So if you want it to be bad
and do root, you type in root right there?
>> Brian Holt: I don't
even know if it'll build,
cuz I think you have to build it with
special privileges to run root user.
I don't know, let's see what happens here.
Well, they're getting anatomy From,
there's that.
>> Brian Holt: Well,
it might just work, right?
And then I'm gonna say,
>> Brian Holt: Cuz I
wanna see what it actually is.
Docker exec and a bash.
>> Brian Holt: And I have to do -it.
>> Brian Holt: So it should be running.
You can see here, everything is
running as root, which is not awesome.
And if I go into home/node/code, and
I say, ps aux, it is owned all by root.
So, not awesome.
Not great, it would be way better if
this was all owned by node, right?
>> Brian Holt: So I was wrong.
Yeah, you can go ahead and
do everything by root.
I guess they don't stop you from
shooting yourself in the foot.
Node is very nice,
they just include this node user for you.
Not every container is gonna do that for
you.
It's pretty straightforward
to do yourself.
Let me just find that, yeah,
it's this one right there.
So if I went back over to my
notes here and I did this,
useradd -ms /bin/bash lolcat, and
then now I could do a lolcat and
now everything will be
owned by the user lolcat.
Let's just
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
and then, just to prove my point here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then if I do
this again, I do build it to exec.
>> Brian Holt: So you can see, I'm
connected as the lolcat user right there,
right off the bat.
And if I go in and I say,
ps aux, you can see everything
is now owned by lolcat, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
it doesn't have to be the node user,
that's just the one that
node happens to use.
Totally fine to do it that way,
you can also just go ahead and create and
use your own as well.
>> Brian Holt: Another cool thing that I
will frequently do when you do copy here,
>> Brian Holt: You can do --chwon, and
then you just put node or
lolcat or whatever.
We'll get rid of,
I'll just do this with node.
>> Brian Holt: And here we go.
So this chown or change own, right?
You can just identify specifically
who you want whatever you're
doing to be the owner there as well.
This is redundant, right?
Because if your user node here,
whatever this copy is,
is gonna be done by that, but the the flag
lets you identify that as well.
>> Brian Holt: It's not a big deal that
this code directory doesn't exist,
COPY by default will create that for you.
>> Brian Holt: A quick note on ADD.
So, totally would work as well, I'm pretty
sure you could just literally do this and
this would work as well.
Why do we use COPY instead of ADD?
ADD can do a lot more.
ADD can add remote URLs.
ADD will automatically unzip files for
you if you put zips in there.
It has some just like additional
functionality in there,
that almost never do I need.
And then.
And so I just kinda stick with
the least powerful thing,
the most comfortable thing to use,
which is COPY.
So I'm gonna advocate for you to use ADD
if you are gonna use one of those extra
features, otherwise, just stick to COPY.
And, yeah, one more thing, in other words,
it's fair to say I never use ADD.
>> Brian Holt: Another
fun one here is WORKDIR.
And if I just do
/home/node/code like that,
this will put me like my working directory
of wherever I'm copying files and
stuff like that, so that I don't have
to have fully Manage paths there.
And now that my working directory is
there, I can just say dot, right?
>> Brian Holt: So that helps as well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it's like as if
you had CD'd into that directory.
>> Speaker 2: Does WIRKDIR also apply
to the command right at the end
>> Brian Holt: Yes, it does.
So you could actually get this
down even further to that,
make sure that I'm not making stuff up,
as I want to do.
And I'm gonna say, build
>> Brian Holt: Nope,
not what I wanted to do.
Docker build that, and
then we're gonna run that again.
And then let's go look at local host 3000.
Yep, and you can see there,
working just the way we want,
and that has the working directory and
the user as well.